## Introduction

Keywords.py is a python script developed during the [SPINDLE project](http://blogs.oucs.ox.ac.uk/openspires/category/spindle/)that generates keywords from a text. 
It has been used during the [SPINDLE] 
(http://openspires.oucs.ox.ac.uk/spindle/) project to [generate keywords
 from automatic transcriptions] 
(http://blogs.oucs.ox.ac.uk/openspires/2012/09/12/spindle-automatic-keyword-generation-step-by-step/).
 


## How to use it

**Usage:** 
    
    python keywords.py text.txt

or 

    >>> from keywords import keywords_and_ngrams

**Output:**

List object containing two lists of tuples. The first list of tuples contains keywords, log-likelihood values. The second list of tuples contains bigrams, number of appearances values. 

    keyword-0 ll-0
    keyword-1 ll-1
    keyword-2 ll-2
    
    bigram-0 n-appearances-bigram-0
    bigram-1 n-appearances-bigram-1
    bigram-2 n-appearances-bigram-2

**Example**

From the [Automatic Keyword Generation from Automatic Speech-to-Text Transcriptions blog post] (http://blogs.oucs.ox.ac.uk/openspires/2012/06/29/automatic-keyword-generation-from-automatic-speech-to-text-transcriptions/):

    [[["automatic", 154.36391852338383], 
    ["keywords", 100.22612939881635], 
    ["transcriptions", 71.04632660561263], 
    ["corpus", 54.20602606031698], 
    ["generated", 52.54525739261641], 
    ["word", 43.869201333759946], 
    ["keyword", 38.434091570196095], 
    ["reference", 27.60386703890638], 
    ["accuracy", 26.693961750667555], 
    ["frequency", 26.58439010818277], 
    ...
    ], [[["automatic", "transcriptions"], 3]]]



**Parameters**

- nKeywords: number of keywords generated by the script (default 100)
- thresholdLL: log-likelihood value threshold (default 19)
- nBigrams: number of bigrams generated by the script (default 25)
- thresholdBigrams: minimun of appearances of a bigram (default 2)

## Dependencies

**bnc.py**

Keywords.py expects bnc.py to be in the same directory. The bnc.py script contains a list of word frequencies obtained from the spoken part of the British National Corpus (BNC) and the total number of words of the spoken part of the BNC. 

You could use any other word frequencies obtained from a different corpus. 

**stopwords.py**

Keywords.py expects stopwords.py to be in the same directory. The stopwords.py script contains a list of stopwords (words that are too common to be considered keywords). You can add or remove any word adding it or deleting it from the list. 
   
   
## Further information

Please check the following blog post [SPINDLE Automatic Keyword Generation: Step by Step] (http://blogs.oucs.ox.ac.uk/openspires/2012/09/12/spindle-automatic-keyword-generation-step-by-step/).

     
